Hey, Charon!
I've got my own hands full of trouble up here! Hurry up and grab the Pillar!
I read you, Haumea.
Bastard!
This guy is pretty tough in his own right.
This guy's a rock. No matter how hard I attack, he doesn't even flinch.
It's almost like I'm not even hurting him.
Again?!
SNAP!
Damn...
I'm not just not hurting him, he doesn't even have a scratch.
Where is all the energy from my full-power kicks going?
Not to mention his explosive pyrokinetic ability...
All he has to do is walk and it triggers explosions.
He's able to walk quietly, too. Did those explosions use up all his gas?
If something seems out of place, then I need to reconsider it from square one.
Energy that seems to just disappear... Explosions...
The way he explicitly calls it out when he uses his ability...
That first overblown explosion he made a show of at the start...
Because of all that,
I made the unwarranted assumption that he has to be a third generation.
What generation are you?
"Episode 5: Corna (Sign of the Devil)"
Step back and stay behind me.
That is amazing.
It's no big deal.
Using your opponent's flames to turn heat into sound, and sound into cold.
Second generations each have our own areas of specialty,
but I've never seen anything like this.
Lieutenant Hinawa, your ultra-fine flame control is something
I could never duplicate, either.
You second generations sure do have some radical abilities.
We may not be able to create our own flames,
but if we're facing a third generation,
we can still use their own flames to fight with.
Which is the whole reason why our tactic when fighting a third generation
is to conceal what generation we are to get them to create their flames,
and catch them off guard.
So that's what's going on.
You created a big extravagant explosion at the start
to give off the illusion of being a third generation.
You convert the kinetic energy you receive from an attack into heat energy,
and then release it to attack.
You're a second generation, aren't you?!
I got tricked by your typical muscle-headed appearance.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
But then, so what if I am?!
He's right.
Even after I've figured out the trick,
it's not as though I'm any closer to landing any attacks.
Unless I defeat this guy, I can't offer Inca any protection.
But what do I do? Even if I do attack, he just sends it back as an explosion!
But if I stand here doing nothing, I'm just gonna get beaten up.
What's the matter? Too afraid of my counters to attack?
You have to attack if you want to defeat your opponent!
Think!
As long as I don't lay a hand on him, he can't hit me back that hard...
Hey, guys!
No way...
STAMP!
Hold on...
That's it. It's all in the timing.
He absorbs energy, then releases it. The moment he releases it,
his second-generation control over flames is directed outward, not inward.
If I can counter his counter just right...
I can't prove it will work, but it's still worth trying.
And worth trying is all I have right now!
Using my Corna, here!
I'm going... ...to knock him flat!
CLAP!
Now!
Damn, it didn't work!
I could do it in Asakusa, but not here! What's different?!
Being psyched up!
I'm not psyched enough! Let's do this, damn it!
Blow up, damn you!
Damn... Why did Captain Obi even teach me about the Corna sign?
The "Maloik Sign," the "Devil's Sign," "Corna"...
It goes by many different names,
but the fingers sticking up look just like a devil's horns.
When we Fire Soldiers lose heart, we're done for.
This sign is used to inspire your heart and strengthen your feelings.
But a devil, sir? I'm a hero, not a devil.
Oh, just listen.
It's a sign that musicians who performed music known as "rock"
used a long, long time ago.
Nowadays, it only exists as audio in museums, but it is so cool.
Whenever you get in a pinch, remember "rock" while making this sign,
and it will inspire courage within you.
Isn't that great? Kind of like your own trademark.
I get the feeling that if I go down here, I'm not getting back up.
If I mess up the timing even a little, it will all come back on me.
Can I really get away with doing this and having it work?
I'm not freaking out. I'm just making sure of my odds of winning!
Which is the whole reason why I need the effort it takes to not fail,
and the courage it takes to succeed!
No matter how much I fight it, this "devil" thing keeps following me around.
So I'll just be...
...a devil toward evil!
...Corna! ...CLAP!
No way...
Oh, crap...
Choke on the flames of Hell!
"Corna (Sign of the Devil)"
Charon-sama!
Rock & roll!
"Episode 5: A Secret Plan"
Not Charon the Reflector... Let the girl go!
The Special Fire Force is taking her into protective custody.
Damn, he's already broken out of that. I guess that didn't buy us much time.
Everyone, please stand back.
We'll create a firewall to protect us all from the flames!
Second generations, join forces and take a defensive position!
This is a demon...
How are we supposed to take down something like that?
The Special Fire Force has only defeated demons twice before.
Once in Asakusa, when Lieutenant Konro used the ultra-high firepower of Crimson Moon,
and again in Asakusa, when Captain Shinmon used Crimson Moon.
Theoretically, if we can generate that much firepower,
then putting a demon to rest might be possible.
That scale of firepower? Licht, do you have any ideas?
You're asking me for ideas?
Why didn't you call the 7th in Asakusa to help us, sir?
I did call! But they never answer their phone!
We have all the flames we could ask for!
Should I freeze him again?
We have all the flames we could ask for...
Yes I do, sir!
A plan that will kill two birds with one stone...
Put out all the flames in town and defeat the demon!
Licht, how can we do that?
With a plan that uses all the second generations we have
and the layout of the town to round up the flames and the demon together!
Let's get started!
This is Yamazaki! Target point reached!
This is Yamamoto! In position!
Moritani here! Target point reached!
This is 2nd Platoon Leader Taguchi! Target point reached!
This is 5th Platoon Leader Tokuyama! We've all reached our target points, too!
Copy!
The platoons from the 2nd and 5th are all in position.
Good. Hinawa, you've got the demon!
Roger!
Come on!
Hey, are you sure I don't have to do anything yet?
Lieutenant Karim, we're saving you for the finishing touch.
The flames all over town are already burning out of control.
If we could gather those flames into one place and extinguish them all at once...
It's easy to say the words, but how do we do that?
We have a good number of second generations on site
who are able to manipulate flames. We're going to take their power,
and combine it with this town's wind power.
Wind?
Towns have several different kinds of wind.
This town specifically has...
...the kind of valley winds that blow between high-rise buildings...
...and the kind of street winds that blow along main roads.
The place where these two kinds of wind come together...
...is here, in the central square.
It's the terminal point of this town
where winds blow in from both directions and combine together.
Uh-huh...
By manipulating the flames from all over into the air currents,
we can combine their abilities and the wind
to concentrate all the flames together.
And then, the flames within the air currents will ultimately end up...
...in the central square, where Crewman Maki is waiting for them!
Please keep back! Get back!
Please keep back!
Evacuate to a safe location!
Everyone, please remain calm!
Oh, I'm begging you...
I was born and raised in this town!
Leave it to us. The Special Fire Force will safeguard your town!
In order to put the demon to rest,
we create a certain phenomenon with those concentrated flames.
Usually, whenever one of these appears, it's a disaster.
But if Crewman Maki can keep it under control with her ability,
the two winds blowing into the square from two directions will feed the flames,
and create a vortex!
The phenomenon that arises from that...
"Firestorm"
...is a firestorm!
I've read about these in fire scene reports, but are you serious?
Did you actually create one?
Just as I figured! You're amazing, Maki-san! Leave it to our witch!
A flame tornado, just like Licht calculated...
So now, how do we get the demon inside the tornado?
Lieutenant Hinawa!
This is going to be no easy task.
C'mon, big fella!
Ow, that's hot!
Whoo, that was hot...
Not again. Please don't get in over your head, sir.
What do we do? The only way to throw him in is by force.
Hinawa, you just keep his attention drawn.
Vulcan, where are you?!
Arriving now, sir!
The Matchbox?
What do you have in mind?
It has that lame-brained fire extinguisher that Vulcan built.
Huh? You're going to use that, sir?
I'll be ready in no time! Setting anchors!
I just need to keep this thing occupied until you're ready, then?
I'll help you with that!
Deploying extinguisher!
That dimwitted extinguisher with the water pressure so strong,
it also destroys the target being extinguished...
Captain, take the gunner's seat!
I-I'm going to shoot it?!
The aim assist function will automatically follow the sight.
Captain, you just have to target the center and push the button.
Are you sure about this?
Oh, this is... pretty hard...
Go on, Captain! Now! Hit the button!
Captain? What's the matter?
A-All right... Oh, is this it?
Come on! Now! Do it now!
Okay, now! Shoot! Okay, now! Right there! Shoot! Huh?!
Hey, Captain Obi! What are you waiting for?! Just shoot!
I've never been good at these kinds of games!
All you have to do is shoot!
Shooting is what I have trouble with.
Playing the games is harder than this!
Oh, is this it?
Ah, for the love of...!
Hey, Vulcan! What are you doing?!
Now it's harder than ever to aim, you know!
I'm making it so you can shoot without having to aim!
Gotcha!
There, he's right in front of you! Now shoot!
All right!
The estimated wind speed inside the firestorm is about 60 meters per second!
There's no way he can escape that!
Hinawa!
I'll take it from here, sir!
Trajectory Control!
This firestorm is testament to the bond among the Special Fire Force!
Come on, 8th, pull this off.
Lieutenant Hinawa uses the flames of the firestorm
as fuel to accelerate the velocity of the projectile.
The firestorm itself becomes like the barrel of a giant railgun!
From here on out, the Special Fire Force will become one.
Lieutenant Karim, that's all I can do!
Well done! Let me take it from here!
That was Lieutenant Karim!
He stopped that huge fire in an instant!
I think I just made enough ice to last a lifetime.
The 7th's captain and lieutenant
put to rest one of those demons by themselves? Those guys are beasts.
It's over.
That one was on the scale of the Great Fire two years ago,
and he kept the damage down to a minimum.
Incredible. That's Captain Obi for you.
So this is the strength of the 8th.
You did well, Maki.
Thank you very much, sir.
How fantastic to see a firestorm this close up!
That cool breeze sure feels good.
Fire Soldiers from companies other than the 8th also acted on this.
Am I ever glad for that.
That just leaves the Evangelist's people.
Shinra, Arthur, it's up to you.
What is that pillar of ice?
What exactly is happening?
It's scary!
You're the first person to ever deal any damage to me.
I'm gonna lay another one on you!
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Shinra-san fights desperately to protect the Fifth Pillar, Inca-san.
But what does she want? Are you really sure about this?
In that case, be sure to come for me. I'll be waiting.
"Episode 6" "The Time to Choose"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 6, "The Time to Choose."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org